Again, hopefully, you solved the problem yourself.
If not, let's walk through it again together.
Let's take a look at our problem.
The problem we are trying to solve is,
we are given a list of strings and we try to find out the frequencies of the strings.
So here's my solution for that.
So first of all I have a method called calculateWordFrequency,
and I have a list of strings as input.
When I use it,
I'm using a TreeMap here in server HashMap.
The reason being is, because we want an order,
the word with less frequency will go first,
and the word with higher frequency will go to end.
Which is why we are using a TreeMap.
Remember, TreeMap is the order map,
where we can send order in the TreeMap.
So what do we do is, we iterating through the input list,
the string list, and we are putting hierarchy into the map,
but we check the frequency of that.
We are using a put master here,
and we're putting the string over here.
We use this method to get the frequency for the string.
If the string is already exist in the map,
we are getting that,
the frequency out of this map.
By default if the string does not exist,
we are giving a zero so that we can add one to it.
Then we looking through the frequency map and just printing out the number. Let's run it.
So in here, in this example,
of abc, bcd, and abc.
So the abc shows two times,
and bcd shows one time.
Hopefully, you got the wrong answer yourself